{Here's Looking at You}, like an increasing number of [compelling places] to eat [in Koreatown], is not a Korean restaurant. It's the brainchild of two {Animal} veterans ！ Jonathan Whitener, the former chef de cuisine, and Lien Ta, a former manager ！ who met working under Jon Shook and Vinny Dotolo. If you followed Whitener's inventive cooking at {Animal}, it seemed inevitable that the chef would eventually split off to headline his own project.

As with most modern restaurants, there are the usual gripes regarding noise, but for the most part {Here's Looking at You} is a wonderfully lively place ！ compact and intimate, bustling with the energy of a room filled with young, good-looking people. No matter what time you arrive for dinner, nearly everyone in the room will be nursing a cocktail. You should follow suit. The bar program by Allan Katz and Danielle Crouch (formerly of {Ca?a Rum Bar}) is further proof that the most exciting cocktails in L.A. are found in restaurants as often as they are in bars.

If you're familiar with the food served at {Animal}, it's easy to see the Dotolo-Shook fingerprints on Whitener's cerebral, postcultural cooking: an easy fluency in mashing together international flavors, a flair for turning lowbrow into highbrow, a penchant for balancing richness with judicious splashes of acid. But Whitener's style is distinct, too; his food has a lighter, more subdued touch, with less of that smash-mouth decadence that defines many of {Animal's} greatest hits. His ground brisket tartare, crowned with egg yolk, toasted chili powder, shaved turnips and sprigs of watercress, is so ethereal it turns a dish associated with luxuriousness into something that feels downright healthful. As with many of his dishes at {Animal}, Whitener shows a keen understanding of textures, especially when it comes to his gorgeously complex salads. A plate of Little Gem hearts dressed with a sort of five-spice ranch was pure crunch, speckled with crumbled blue cheese and flecks of dehydrated Chinese sausage pulverized to resemble garlicky bacon bits.

Though not without its idiosyncrasies, {Here's Looking at You} is overflowing with as much raw creative potential as any restaurant in the city. 3901 W. Sixth St., Koreatown, (213) 568-3573, hereslookingatyoula.com. ！G.S.
