At {Kali}, the newish restaurant on Melrose from former {Patina} chef [Kevin Meehan] and former Providence wine director [Drew Langley], there is no shortage of beautiful things to feed your iPhone: an artfully assembled crudo speckled with edible flowers and dried citrus, for instance, or a dense quenelle of chocolate cremeux decorated with sprigs of mint. It might come as a surprise, then, that the most brilliant dish at {Kali} is also the downright ugliest. Meehan cooks down dark brown wheat berries until they reach the toothsome texture of Italian carnaroli rice. Atop the wheat berries sits a crunchy wafer, tinted black by garlic that the kitchen ferments in-house but looking a lot like burnt cheese. This is risotto °™ a fantastic one at that °™ in a beggar's disguise. To roll out another clich®¶: Looks aren't everything.

Part of the restaurant's conceit is that it features only ingredients sourced from [California]. As you'd imagine from a kitchen whose boundaries lie at the state line, {Kali's} roster of dishes changes often. If you were to judge it from your Instagram feed alone, Meehan's cooking would seem more avant-garde than it actually is °™ much of the food here aims for comfort rather than shock. A bowl of potato agnolotti with ridgeback prawns swims in creamy shellfish stock that's as decadent as any New England chowder. Grilled pork loin is paired with tart, celery-apple puree and the pencil-thin root vegetable salsify, which is roasted and then coated in ash to resemble tiny, tangled branches. It's a bizarre-looking forestscape that tastes both bleak and bright, conjuring the moment after a spring rainstorm.

It's tempting to find a label that applies to Meehan and Langley's very personal project °™ the laid-back neighborhood gem, the freewheeling chef's counter, or maybe the ambitious temple of haute cuisine °™ but it's probably more accurate to simply call it a well-polished restaurant. 5722 Melrose Ave., Hollywood. (323) 871-4160, kalirestaurant.com. °™Garrett Snyder