I wasn't able to partake in the super cheap [NY steak] and eggs combo that everyone else is raving about in their reviews so I'm going to judge this based on the two unfortunate meals I had there.
My first and main incentive on eating at this place was to get a "[Pass the Line]" / VIP stamp to use at the hotel's big concert venue, The Joint. I consider myself to be a seasoned concert attendee in Las Vegas because I go to Vegas at least twice a year for shows. But it's only as of this recent visit that I've been told about about this Pass the Line VIP thing for the Joint. If you're familiar with this program at the {House of Blues} establishments, it's almost the same thing at the Joint where if you order an entree or spend a certain dollar amount (not just drinks), you can get in another line that gets you in the venue before the regular general admission line does. 

So I find out this information about an hour and a half before doors are set to open and I run over to {Lucky's}, sit at the counter and tell them I'll need the cheapest, fastest meal I can get so I can have that [Pass the Line] stamp. Even though I sat at the counter thinking I'd get faster service, the wait for an available server must've been at least 8 minutes. When the server came by, he suggested the chicken tenders. The order came by surprisingly fast. But no amount of ranch or barbecue sauce could've helped those dry and rubbery chicken breast pieces. {McDonalds} chicken nuggets taste better than this crap. I ate at least two of the four pieces to try to get my money's worth, paid my meal, got my stamp and ran over to the VIP line at the Joint. 

I should've left the Hard Rock as soon as the show was over but my feet and back were killing me. (How could you not dance your heart out and lose your sh*t watching Arcade Fire?) I thought I'd give my feet a good rest before heading out again so I went to {Lucky's} one more time to see if they could redeem themselves. It was only 11 PM so I was an hour too early to get the steak and eggs. I went with the sliders because I didn't want a huge burger or sandwich and not that many places can mess up sliders, right? This was the worst set of hamburger sliders I've ever had. The buns were dry and seemed like they were days old. The meat was tasteless and too thin. I was annoyed the sliders didn't come with french fries, and after the server told me a side order of french fries was huge, I just went with hash browns. The hash browns were ok and that was the only part of my meal I enjoyed. 

{Mr. Lucky's 24-7}, you are on my Las Vegas sh*tlist. I always have good meals when I go to Vegas, and after eating here twice, I'm only going here if I desperately need that Pass the Line stamp.
