Jordan Kahn's new restaurant is a far cry from his most [recent project] ¡ª the much-missed {Red Medicine} ¡ª in almost every way. Where that was a big, flashy, trendy restaurant, this is a sparse place with most of its seating outdoors, where you order from a counter and take a number to your table. Where {Red Medicine} was on a prominent corner in Beverly Hills, {Destroyer} is in an almost completely inaccessible, out-of-the-way part of Culver City (parking is ... impossible). {Red Medicine} was one of the only ambitious restaurants in town to attempt serious late-night cooking; {Destroyer} isn't even open for dinner. What hasn't changed is Kahn's modern-artist's eye for presentation, his sense of drama on the plate and on the tongue, and his penchant for making incredibly delicious food. In fact, if anything his food has become more delicious at the same time as it's become more casual.

Much of the food is built on the premise of layers of flavors, and often those layers are literal. In the case of his chicken confit, everything comes in a wide bowl under a blanket of charred cabbage leaves and a flurry of cheese. The bottom layer is a mix of yogurt and hazelnuts, and the meaty, oily chicken (oily in the best way possible) combines with the cabbage funk and the luxury of dairy and the nuttiness of the hazelnuts for a dish that's just straight-up delicious, as well as being thrilling on a creative level. [Cauliflower] soup is a layering of white upon white upon white: a warm, thick creamy soup (made without the benefit of actual cream) is poured into a large cream-colored heavy ceramic bowl over more cauliflower, puffed rice and almond bits. Beef tartare, bound by smoked egg cream, comes under a blanket of perfectly arranged radishes, with sprigs of dill at the edge placed in such a way so as to make the perfect Instagram photo. It tastes pretty swell, too. That's where Kahn's style hasn't changed, and perhaps has only gotten better. 3578 Hayden Ave, Culver City. destroyer.la. ¡ªB.R.